Add one more rule regarding pirated copies of the game (#5)
LittleBigRefresh/Docs: discord/information.md

6. Discussion of piracy won't be tolerated. LittleBigRefresh is not the place to discuss this type of thing. We won't mute you for simply mentioning piracy, but we definitely will if you're discussing methods to enable piracy, or suggesting that people commit piracy. Just keep it out of this server.

> 7. We are not obliged to give you any technical support if we find that you pirated your copy of the game. If we helped you, it would present many legal issues between us and Sony.

Reviewer: > If we helped you, it would present many legal issues between us and Sony.

This sentence comes off a little strangely - I think we could make it read better. Something like this, maybe?

 ```suggestion
7. We are not obligated to offer you any technical support if we find that you pirated your copy of the game. Assisting you with your illegally obtained copy could potentially lead to legal issues with Sony, which we'd prefer to avoid.
```

Author: sorry lol english is not my first language
